are you doing anything to learn you
watching a podcast or listening to One
are you reading a book like once every
two months any book do you have some
sense of what you're interested in that
you might learn about maybe you're
interested in carpentry or Plumbing or
something Hands-On doesn't matter it's
like pick something and educate yourself
what does that mean know more about it
so you have a domain of expertise so
you're not a complete clunk and develop
the skills that are necessary and if you
don't know where to start pick something
that looks vaguely interesting and start
that start exploring and seeing if
anything catches your interest